# Lot-Management-

Write a c# program Title: Lot Management

You are the new manager of a supermarket store to handle lot. Create a console application to do certain operations based on the constraints as given below.

Create a class Product with the below attributes:

product_id – int (automatically generated by increment, starting from 101 and unique)
product_name – string
product_price – int
product_quantity – int
lot_no – int

Where product_id is the Id of product, product_name is the name of the product, product_price is the price of the 1 product, product_quantity is the quantity available of the product and lot_no is the lot number of the product i.e. from which lot the product belongs to in lot management.

Create class LotManagement with attributes & methods given below:

1. A list of type Product named products

2. A method named AddProduct which takes necessary parameters to call product constructor and creates a new product. It should return the product_Id of the created product.
Below are some rule to add a product in lot management:
a. There should be unique product_name in any lot_no i.e. two product with different lot_no can have same name but two product with same lot_no should not have same name.
b. product_price and product_quantity should be greater than 0.

3. A method named FindLotNoWithMaximumProduct which should return the lot number(s) having maximum product. The list of object Product can have multiple lot number having maximum products.

4. A method FindAveragePriceByLotNo which takes int argument (lot number) and it should return average price of all the product which has the same lot_no as provided argument. Price of the product is calculated by the below formula.
Total Price = product_price *product_quantity (for 1 product)

Make all the attributes private. Generate necessary public properties. Create a constructor for Product class which takes parameters product_name, product_price, product_quantity and lot_no then assigns the values for all of the attributes. The product_id should be automatically generated by increment method starting from 101.

Given a LotManagement object manager and a list of product objects, write code to perform the following tasks:

Take input from the user to call the product constructor and call AddProduct. Print “Product added successfully” where product_id is returned from the method, if all the validation are met. Print “Product name exist in the lot” if the product name exist in the same lot number. Print “Data Invalid” if the product price or quantity is not greater than 0.

Call method FindLotNoWithMaximumProduct. Print “” where Lot_No is the lot number returned from the function. Print Lot number in ascending order if the returned value is more than one.

Take input from the user for lot number and call FindAveragePriceByLotNo. Print “” where AvgPrice is the average price returned from the function. Print “Lot not found” if the entered lot is not present in the system.

Note :
All the comparison are case insensitive.
product_id is unique in input.




using System;


namespace LotManagement

{
    class Product
    {
        private int productId;
        private string productName;
        private int productPrice;
        private int productQuantity;
        private int lotNo;

        public Product(string productName, int productPrice, int productQuantity, int lotNo)
        {
            this.productName = productName;
            this.productPrice = productPrice;
            this.productQuantity = productQuantity;
            this.lotNo = lotNo;

            this.productId = 101;
            for (int i = 0; i < products.Count; i++)
            {
                if (products[i].productName.Equals(this.productName, StringComparison.InvariantCultureIgnoreCase) && products[i].lotNo == this.lotNo)
                {
                    Console.WriteLine("Product name exist in the lot");
                    return;
                }
            }

            if (productPrice <= 0 || productQuantity <= 0)
            {
                Console.WriteLine("Data Invalid");
                return;
            }

            this.productId++;
        }

        public int ProductId
        {
            get { return productId; }
        }

        public string ProductName
        {
            get { return productName; }
        }

        public int ProductPrice
        {
            get { return productPrice; }
        }

        public int ProductQuantity
        {
            get { return productQuantity; }
        }

        public int LotNo
        {
            get { return lotNo; }
        }
    }

    class LotManagement
    {
        private List<Product> products;

        public LotManagement()
        {
            this.products = new List<Product>();
        }

        public void AddProduct(string productName, int productPrice, int productQuantity, int lotNo)
        {
            products.Add(new Product(productName, productPrice, productQuantity, lotNo));
        }

        public int[] FindLotNoWithMaximumProduct()
        {
            int maxQuantity = 0;
            int[] lotNos = new int[0];

            for (int i = 0; i < products.Count; i++)
            {
                int quantity = products[i].ProductQuantity;
                if (quantity > maxQuantity)
                {
                    maxQuantity = quantity;
                    lotNos = new int[0];
                }

                if (quantity == maxQuantity)
                {
                    lotNos.Add(products[i].LotNo);
                }
            }

            return lotNos;
        }

        public double FindAveragePriceByLotNo(int lotNo)
        {
            double totalPrice = 0.0;
            int quantity = 0;

            for (int i = 0; i < products.Count; i++)
            {
                if (products[i].LotNo == lotNo)
                {
                    totalPrice += products[i].ProductPrice * products[i].ProductQuantity;
                    quantity += products[i].ProductQuantity;
                }
            }

            if (quantity == 0)
            {
                return 0.0;
            }

            return totalPrice / quantity;
        }
    }

    class Program
    {
        static void Main(string[] args)
        {
            LotManagement manager = new LotManagement();

            manager.AddProduct("Apple", 100, 10, 101);
            manager.AddProduct("Banana", 50, 20, 101);
            manager.AddProduct("Orange", 200, 30, 102);
            manager.AddProduct("Apple", 100, 10, 103);

            int[] lotNos = manager.FindLotNoWithMaximumProduct();

            for (int i = 0; i < lotNos.Length; i++)
            {
                Console.WriteLine("Lot No: {0}", lotNos[i]);
            }

            double avgPrice = manager.FindAveragePriceByLotNo(101);
            
